[SERIE] For if anyone cuts
your long life short,
c0000001
it will be
the Demon King himself.
c0000002
Or it will be a human mage.
c0000003
[thunder rumbling]
c0000004
♪
c0000005
[shatters]
c0000006
♪
c0000007
[wind whooshing]
c0000008
♪
c0000009
[thudding]
c0000010
[crackling]
c0000011
[shatters]
c0000012
[crackling]
c0000013
♪
c0000014
[shattering]
c0000015
It blocked the spell.
c0000016
♪
c0000017
Things are unfolding
as expected.
c0000018
From here on out,
c0000019
it's a battle of attrition.
c0000020
[RICHTER]
Methode was correct.
c0000021
They're right where
she said they would be.
c0000022
Try not to hold me back.
c0000023
Same goes for you, old man.
c0000024
♪
c0000025
[DENKEN] Methode has determined
the exact locations
c0000026
of the enemy combatants.
c0000027
If we're forced into a melee,
we'll certainly lose.
c0000028
So our strategy is the classic
divide and conquer!
c0000029
We stop them
before they can gather here.
c0000030
We've gone over
our weakest matchups.
c0000031
The person you'd
least like to face in battle
c0000032
will be the one best equipped
to defeat your replica.
c0000033
And remember, unlike the enemy,
c0000034
we can communicate
and work together.
c0000035
♪
c0000036
[DENKEN] As long as we choose
our opponents strategically,
c0000037
we'll have the upper hand
c0000038
both individually
and as a group.
c0000039
-[blasting]
-[rumbling]
c0000040
[DENKEN] Some will be
too strong to face alone.
c0000041
We'll counter that strength
with numbers.
c0000042
[thudding]
c0000043
♪
c0000044
[shatters]
c0000045
♪
c0000046
[LAUFEN] This is so easy
it's almost laughable.
c0000047
♪
c0000048
[LAWINE] At this rate,
we'll stop them all,
c0000049
no problem.
c0000050
♪
c0000051
[FRIEREN]
Seems we have a solid plan.
c0000052
[DENKEN]
Indeed.
c0000053
Though a little luck
wouldn't hurt.
c0000054
[METHODE]
Hmm. There is one concern.
c0000055
I'm detecting fewer replicas
than we have test-takers.
c0000056
Which means that some of them
are unaccounted for.
c0000057
Notably, I can't find
Ms. Sense's double,
c0000058
who I believe we can all agree
poses the greatest threat.
c0000059
No, I'm not sensing
its mana, either.
c0000060
And we can't afford to be
caught unawares by such a foe.
c0000061
If she comes at us from behind,
c0000062
then I won't be able
to protect Fern.
c0000063
In the worst case,
we both could die.
c0000064
[METHODE] I've been
similarly unable to locate
c0000065
Ms. Fern
or Mr. Denken's replicas.
c0000066
We'll have to search for them
c0000067
using more precise,
close-range detection.
c0000068
If you hadn't decided
to come along,
c0000069
we would have a lot less
to worry about right now.
c0000070
One aspiring to the title
of first-class mage
c0000071
must be able to overcome
both adversity and unfairness.
c0000072
Though, frankly,
this doesn't qualify as either.
c0000073
Hm.
c0000074
[SENSE]
All you need to do to pass
c0000075
is watch each other's backs.
c0000076
This is a kind test,
and a peaceful one.
c0000077
[shatters]
c0000078
[thuds]
c0000079
[clattering]
c0000080
I'm glad we won.
c0000081
But I can't say I enjoyed that.
c0000082
♪
c0000083
[RICHTER]
An ambush.
c0000084
[rumbling]
c0000085
[grunts]
c0000086
[groans]
c0000087
Of course, it's you.
c0000088
I didn't notice
my mana detection slipping.
c0000089
-[groans]
-[RICHTER] Lawine,
c0000090
you should break
your bottle, too.
c0000091
You're old enough to know
when it's time to quit.
c0000092
Just three years
till the next test.
c0000093
[grunts]
Damn it.
c0000094
♪
c0000095
[DENKEN]
I didn't make it in time.
c0000096
My assistance may have
extended the ordeal,
c0000097
but I doubt it would've changed
the outcome.
c0000098
[DENKEN]
Even with its back to me,
c0000099
I can't detect any openings.
c0000100
Whether I can defeat it or not,
c0000101
my job is to slow them down.
c0000102
Well, well, if it isn't Denken,
the fancy-pants Imperial Mage.
c0000103
So, what's the situation, boss?
c0000104
You shouldn't go storming
into this lightly.
c0000105
I don't think that you can win.
c0000106
[DENKEN]
I tend to agree.
c0000107
So, tell me, Denken.
c0000108
If we want to conquer
the labyrinth,
c0000109
is beating her a must?
c0000110
Well, first, Frieren
is currently--
c0000111
Spare me the details.
c0000112
Is this necessary or not?
c0000113
It is.
c0000114
Then let me take care of her.
c0000115
How delusional are you?
c0000116
Denken is the strongest one
amongst us by far.
c0000117
And let's not forget that you
couldn't even best Wirbel.
c0000118
Hm.
c0000119
But that's not how
this works, now, is it?
c0000120
Yes, I'm a third-class mage,
c0000121
and yes, I am lacking
in experience.
c0000122
Both Denken and Wirbel
could beat me to a pulp.
c0000123
But I'm confident
that I can take down Sense.
c0000124
[LAND]
Hm.
c0000125
My specialty
is well suited for this.
c0000126
It's a spell that cuts
through almost anything.
c0000127
Reelseiden.
c0000128
If I think I can cut something,
c0000129
I can slice
and dice it all day.
c0000130
If I don't think I can,
it's impenetrable.
c0000131
I don't know why you're
so sure of yourself.
c0000132
Defensive magic can block
that spell with great ease.
c0000133
[UBEL]
I almost forgot, four-eyes.
c0000134
You saw my little
sparring match with Wirbel.
c0000135
You're right.
c0000136
The entire purpose
of defensive magic
c0000137
is to block attacks.
c0000138
It's hard for me to imagine
cutting through that.
c0000139
I see.
c0000140
In that case,
your trick won't do
c0000141
any good against Sense.
c0000142
Just look at it.
c0000143
That hair is imbued with
so many layers of magic
c0000144
it makes utter child's play
of Wirbel's defensive spell.
c0000145
You should accept that
sort of logic doesn't matter.
c0000146
This is a game
of pure visualization.
c0000147
Hey, hold on.
c0000148
[UBEL]
Huh.
c0000149
I had a feeling that
Sorganeil wouldn't work on her.
c0000150
Well, I guess a person's hair
is a part of their body.
c0000151
It's impossible to see
all of her at once.
c0000152
[smacks lips]
Reelseiden.
c0000153
[SENSE]
Just as expected,
c0000154
Ubel is the one
facing my replica.
c0000155
I already know who will win,
c0000156
and it will a be far cry
from a real fight.
c0000157
It happened two years ago,
c0000158
during the second-class
mage exam.
c0000159
She made it past
the primary round
c0000160
and was attending
the second test
c0000161
proctored by
the first-class mage Burg.
c0000162
He was so skilled
in defensive magic
c0000163
that he hadn't
been injured once
c0000164
since passing his exam
and taking on the position.
c0000165
As such, the test
was structured around this.
c0000166
He wore his Immovable Cloak,
c0000167
a garment he created using mana
c0000168
that was woven
with so many defensive spells
c0000169
that no magical attack
could penetrate it.
c0000170
For the second test,
c0000171
the examinees fired
offensive magic
c0000172
-against Burg and his cloak.
-[clanking]
c0000173
[SENSE]
It was simple.
c0000174
If they could make him
take just one step back,
c0000175
they passed.
c0000176
Killing would result
in disqualification,
c0000177
and there were limits imposed
c0000178
on the offensive spells
they selected.
c0000179
That way, other mages wouldn't
be hurt by the onslaught.
c0000180
[BURG]
Next.
c0000181
[SENSE] Not a single one of us
was worried about Burg.
c0000182
[slashing]
c0000183
[thudding]
c0000184
Ooh. Cut too deep, huh?
c0000185
[indistinct chatter]
c0000186
It was a complete
and utter shock
c0000187
when he was easily killed
by a no-name girl.
c0000188
A very recent third-class mage.
c0000189
[UBEL] I feel like I passed
as much as I failed,
c0000190
but I guess that I get it.
c0000191
Can I please leave now?
c0000192
After you answer one question.
c0000193
Go ahead.
c0000194
[SENSE] How did you defeat
his Immovable Cloak?
c0000195
Hmm.
c0000196
Let's see, now.
c0000197
Have you ever had to sew
anything before, Sense?
c0000198
I haven't. Is that pertinent?
c0000199
[UBEL] You do seem like
you come from a rich family.
c0000200
Or maybe you can magic away
c0000201
all those
normal-person problems.
c0000202
To be honest,
c0000203
I've never actually
tried it myself
c0000204
because I'm way too clumsy.
c0000205
[snips]
c0000206
But I used to watch
my big sister
c0000207
-do it all the time.
-[rips]
c0000208
[UBEL] After you find
a pretty piece of cloth,
c0000209
you place the scissors
against it like this
c0000210
and slide them right through.
c0000211
The sound it makes
is so satisfying.
c0000212
It's always brought
some strange joy.
c0000213
Where are you going with this?
c0000214
It's all visualization.
c0000215
I know cloth can be cut.
c0000216
I imagined cutting it,
c0000217
then used my magic
to snip away.
c0000218
[SENSE]
This woman is insane.
c0000219
It's true anyone can
imagine cutting cloth.
c0000220
The dullest of the dull
could muster that much.
c0000221
But the world of magic
c0000222
isn't as simple
as she makes it seem.
c0000223
A spell can't create anything
c0000224
the caster can't
perfectly visualize.
c0000225
Just as an ant can't imagine
c0000226
crushing a colossal dragon
underfoot.
c0000227
Precious few mages
can imagine penetrating a cloak
c0000228
that is known
to be impregnable.
c0000229
To do so goes
against all reason.
c0000230
One glance at the thing,
and you can tell it blocks
c0000231
even the strongest
magical attacks.
c0000232
It doesn't take a first-class
mage to see that.
c0000233
An idiot could pick up
on its power.
c0000234
As long as people remain
intelligent organisms,
c0000235
we cannot escape
those logical fetters.
c0000236
But she relied on intuition
over intelligence.
c0000237
Despite intellectually
understanding
c0000238
that it couldn't be cut,
c0000239
she constructed a vision
of slicing through the cloak
c0000240
guided by feeling alone.
c0000241
From what I've seen,
c0000242
her mind hardly functions
like a person's at all.
c0000243
This is in the realm of genius.
c0000244
Can I hit the road, or what?
c0000245
Yes.
c0000246
By the way, Sense.
c0000247
Real pretty hair you've got.
c0000248
It must be a nightmare
to maintain.
c0000249
[SENSE]
I lost to her in that office
c0000250
without the question of combat
on the horizon.
c0000251
I simply cannot imagine
beating Ubel.
c0000252
She is my worst match.
c0000253
[thudding]
c0000254
You all need to take a step
out of your heads.
c0000255
Hair is something to be cut.
c0000256
[SENSE]
Maintaining my hair?
c0000257
It's hellish, indeed.
c0000258
A tangled disaster.
c0000259
[chuckles]
c0000260
[UBEL]
Then perhaps you should cut it.
c0000261
[WIRBEL]
I think I've got the picture.
c0000262
You're buying time.
c0000263
Fending off the copies
until Frieren defeats
c0000264
the Spiegel and puts an end
to the madness.
c0000265
Yes, that's right.
c0000266
Then good news.
c0000267
We've defeated
three of them already.
c0000268
That certainly makes
things easier.
c0000269
In that case... Oh, my.
c0000270
I just picked up
on a substantial shift.
c0000271
Ms. Sense's replica
has been destroyed.
c0000272
-This mana.
-[clinking]
c0000273
It would seem the
third-class mage
c0000274
Ubel is responsible.
c0000275
That's rather surprising.
c0000276
Is it?
c0000277
Ubel would be
a disaster for Sense.
c0000278
Battles between mages are
more like rock-paper-scissors
c0000279
than competitions of strength.
c0000280
However, it's a complex game
c0000281
featuring many more weapons
than scissors, paper, and rock.
c0000282
[WIRBEL] And you want to throw
a few more weapons
c0000283
into the mix
for your side, huh?
c0000284
[Wirbel grunts]
c0000285
Sure. We'll help you
slow down the replicas
c0000286
and hopefully take a few out.
c0000287
Blindly trusting others
isn't a habit of mine,
c0000288
but I'm also not dumb enough
c0000289
-to let victory
slip through my fingers. -Hmm.
c0000290
[METHODE] Currently, there
are two dangerous replicas
c0000291
we need to put all
of our energy into stopping.
c0000292
I've determined
the location of one of them.
c0000293
Mister Denken's replica
c0000294
is rapidly approaching
the bottom.
c0000295
I would like you to deal
with it as quickly as possible.
c0000296
Hmm.
c0000297
I will take Fern's.
c0000298
And though fighting it
will be no easy task,
c0000299
I worry finding it
will prove harder.
c0000300
That girl is incredibly skilled
at concealing her mana
c0000301
for long periods.
c0000302
If we don't find
her double soon,
c0000303
it could ambush
and kill one of us.
c0000304
Do you really think
you can handle it on your own?
c0000305
Working alone will help me
focus on mana detection.
c0000306
[EHRE]
Don't underestimate it.
c0000307
Fern is strong.
c0000308
I'm a bit
of a jack of all trades,
c0000309
but restraining spells
are my forte.
c0000310
Besides, with her permission,
of course,
c0000311
I tested my binding magic...
Well?
c0000312
-...on the actual Miss Fern...
-I can't move at all.
c0000313
...and had great success.
c0000314
[WIRBEL]
All right.
c0000315
C'mon, let's go
fight this thing.
c0000316
[LAND]
Ubel. What's going on?
c0000317
This isn't some trick
of the mind, is it?
c0000318
I'm gonna say no.
c0000319
Tricks of the mind usually
don't start with the body.
c0000320
[sighs]
c0000321
[UBEL] Madame copy-cat
is back and ready to play.
c0000322
♪
c0000323
Until the Spiegel is dead,
it looks like our replicas
c0000324
will just keep
coming around for more.
c0000325
Nothing stirs the soul quite
like a battle of attrition.
c0000326
I couldn't agree more.
c0000327
[LAND] A good mage knows
when they've lost.
c0000328
♪
c0000329
[rumbling]
c0000330
[thudding]
c0000331
♪
c0000332
c0000333
[FRIEREN]
This opening won't do.
c0000334
It's too slight
for Fern to notice.
c0000335
[thuds]
c0000336
[FRIEREN]
I suppose I have no choice.
c0000337
The vulnerability
in my mana detection
c0000338
isn't large enough
to land a final blow.
c0000339
[FERN]
You're right.
c0000340
But if the opening was bigger,
I'm certain we could do it.
c0000341
[FRIEREN]
If you're sure you can win...
c0000342
Hm.
c0000343
[FRIEREN]
...I will create the opening.
c0000344
But how would that
even be possible?
c0000345
[FRIEREN]
If I show an opening,
c0000346
I'm confident the replica
will show a greater one.
c0000347
But, Mistress Frieren,
that would mean...
c0000348
[FRIEREN]
If I focus on defense,
c0000349
nothing that slips past
will kill me.
c0000350
All right.
What strategy should we use?
c0000351
[explosions]
c0000352
[FRIEREN]
It's up to you.
c0000353
If you think we can win,
c0000354
I have no doubt we can.
c0000355
[FERN] How can you be
so sure about that?
c0000356
Because I know you, Fern,
c0000357
and I've underestimated you
the whole time.
c0000358
Huh.
c0000359
[FERN]
I'm very glad to hear it.
c0000360
That means victory is well
within our reach.
c0000361
♪
c0000362
[whirlwind whooshing]
c0000363
♪
c0000364
[shattering]
c0000365
[rumbling]
c0000366
[thuds]
c0000367
[shattering]
c0000368
[FERN]
It's still standing,
c0000369
but that wound is fatal.
c0000370
I should finish.
c0000371
-[gasps]
-[explosion]
c0000372
[rumbling]
c0000373
[FERN]
What just happened?
c0000374
Did it attack me?
c0000375
I'm not sensing any mana.
c0000376
Whatever it did,
c0000377
I don't even recognize it
as a spell.
c0000378
Incredible, Mistress Frieren.
c0000379
So this is the height of magic.
c0000380
Huh.
c0000381
But my, how unlike you.
c0000382
You're wide open.
c0000383
♪
c0000384
[FRIEREN]
Excellent work, Fern.
c0000385
I'd say it's been
at least 80 years
c0000386
since I was last forced
to use that.
c0000387
[chuckles]
c0000388
[door rumbling]
c0000389
[FRIEREN]
Come, now.
c0000390
It's time we finish this.
c0000391
[shattering]
c0000392
So, the deed is done.
c0000393
I can't move a muscle.
c0000394
Wirbel?
c0000395
Can you please carry me?
c0000396
You two just can't stay
on your feet, can you?
c0000397
We've lived to see the bottom
c0000398
of the Ruins
of the King's Tomb.
c0000399
Congratulations. You have
conquered the labyrinth.
c0000400
This is a great achievement
fit for a first-class mage.
c0000401
You have proven yourselves
worthy in my eyes.
c0000402
As promised, everyone
who made it here
c0000403
has passed the second test
c0000404
and will continue
forward in the exam.
c0000405
How odd.
c0000406
We seem to have lost
our ladies of the hour.
c0000407
Hm.
c0000408
[FRIEREN]
It's so dark!
c0000409
Dark and scary!
c0000410
[whimpering]
c0000411
-[Denken groaning]
-[FRIEREN] Please, Fern!
c0000412
Curiosity gets
the best of us all, huh?
c0000413
-[FRIEREN] It's so dark.
-[sighs]
c0000414
[FRIEREN]
And so very scary.
c0000415
And with that,
c0000416
the second trial
has drawn to a close.
c0000417
[EDEL] They're
warriors, escape artists,
c0000418
and healers to boot.
c0000419
Neat, huh? Don't you think so?
c0000420
Yeah.
c0000421
[RICHTER]
And who are you, exactly?
c0000422
[FERN] It's been with me
ever since I was little.
c0000423
[RICHTER]
In case you couldn't tell,
c0000424
I'm in a horrendous mood.
c0000425
[LAWINE] Make fun of me
like you always do.
c0000426
[FRIEREN]
The era of humans has arrived.